Email :Use #1-4 on the dropped off email, subject: Lease Return Confirmation
Email: "This is a lease return confirmation and not a receipt of inspection. Additional fees may be required from the leasing institution. Recall, warranty and maintenance work may be performed at no cost to you."This is in addition to the #1-5 on the customer acknowledgment email and in addition to #1-4 on the dropped off email
Web/APP: Mandatory Fields -> Vehicle Info - Change to not mandatory: (color, valet key, jack, spare tire, owners manual)App: Glitch -> While submitting a report, it is missing the filling in just one required field of the vehicle details, that whole section will clear.
APP/Web: Mandatory fields -> Image Uploads - Change the mandatory odometer pic to Odometer or Drivers License 
App: Bank Details -> Users with permission to edit please. It can be listed under permissions as 'Edit Files'
We changed the 'Hot New Lease Added' email to 'Hot New Pre-Owned Opportunity'. Please update that on the email and in the permissions section of the user info
App: Some report have bank details yellow and editable, some are green and not editable but all the info. is filled on both
App: Glitch -> While submitting a report, it is missing the filling in just one required field of the vehicle details, that whole section will clear.
App: Multiple Rooftop is broken -> tried my login, Brian's and Tommy's and none show the option to switch between stores 
Web: Glitch -> All the fields have the number 54 but they each need to have their own quantity based on what it is.
Web: Capitalize the word 'search' for 'Search Dealers' under User Info
When trying to print, the printers are cut off so either the font should be smaller to fit the page or add a scroll to see the entire name (see screenshot)
App: Picture not loading properly, need to take several shots to view it
When setting up new users, after the 1st user is submitted, the submit button doesn't work on adding additional users. I have to log out and log back in after each user is added
Profile and Change Password buttons do not work.
